
So ledger is going to be re-written entirely.
Not using blst, going to build a Pasta library for doing this stuff.

Currency state is a contiguous block of memory.
Every 32 bytes is a slot, and account is 4 slots.
The block is broken into shards.
Each shard is 2^14 accounts = 2^16 slots
A commitment to the shard is a polynomial of degree 2^16

One should keep track of what index their account is in.
Accounts are assigned places sequentially.

Each person tracks 5 shards at once. if they can.
The record every transaction and will commit to the state when their time comes.

A block is proposed every 24 seconds.
Each block slot has a commity of voters for each shard.
Those voters vote on the commitement to that shard once the block is processed.
This continues on for 32 blocks.
Every person does compute state root at every slot.
So every 24 seconds. could bump that up, and increase block size.
    Since its logarithmic this should be useful.

At the end of that epoch a new commity is chosen.
They then vote on the root commitment.
Everyone derives that root commitment from what they see as the heaviest.


The only difference really is that the state is linear and sharded.


So i could do an IPA where the values are the coeffs.
The issue then is that I lose the verification stuff.
Which I kinda want.

So the other option is to do 32k users 2 slots per user(for starters)
Shard larger than that.
Each Shard has a commitee for each slot.
Everyone commits each block.
Validate/invalidate blocks this way.

You dont choose one proposer.
You choose one from each shard.
They then all choose a block together.
Which they then execute their share, and derive a new root.
They do this together and then release the block along with the gloabl commitment, and the local one.
    Then anyone can prove their representative did it wrong if they want.
    If they do that entire branch is shot, and the proposer loses its money.

Also there might be the ability to do both coeff commits and regular polynomials.
Im not conviced these have to be exclusive.
Like fundamentally these are just single points.
like the commitment to coeffs or to a polynomial is just a point.
so why couldnt you store both?
And perhaps you have nodes that just care about the coeffs.
They dont need to do proofs or anything?
