TODO --
    DoS prevention by rate limiting incoming connections
    I thought behaviour tracking did this though.
    I mean unless you use legal paths to do this sort of thing.
        But even then its like there isnt a case that happens.
    Even when you post to someones feed they have to request it.
        You can just post as much as you want.
        You notify them of a new post and then they can request it.

    So I suppose you could overload with those notis, but those are tiny.
    That would be incredibly difficult.


CLIENT::
    

    POST
        holds fixed size data and hash user to request media
        this one is just for posts but it could be used for a product or message also
        Kept small so we dont need to refetch them.

    MEDIA
        This is variable size data that is is managed by media manager
        This is to prevent memory explosions.
        We need to have control over what is allocated because they are large.

    Iterator
        Moves over fixed size things like POST
        Reallocs when you append.
        So you have to copy data from it, you can use the pointer to it for long.
            This can be done by just painting the thing.


    Login which means get encrypted user data and decrypt return UserCtx.
    Use UserCtx to build requests for stuff.

    => EVERY REQUEST HAS TO BE SIGNED BY THE PUB KEY
        -> doesn't matter what the payload is.
        -> I dont know this is necessary though.
        -> maybe other requests but not get ones.
        Gets should just be simple.
        But if you aren't the person you shouldn't be able to overload memory 

    Parse responses from backend. (Get)
        - decrypt using user data key.
        - meta data header, and main body is iterator over items.

    Just parse ID in response or something. (Post, Put, Delete)
        - Needs to be hashed and signed in order for backend to accept it.
        - but it has to be encrypted so it has to be both.
            (encrypted and signed ciphertext)

        - These require broadcasting though.
        - meaning encrypt once with ephemeral key.
        - then generate vouchers per recipient (means need recipients)
        - sign and with a shared secret encrypt each voucher
            - maybe encrypt?
        - marshal all and send to backend
