


Expose main SZ object.
    This is like the main thread, but not exactly.
    call run_sz() and that starts the main thread.
    It mainly holds actors.
    call register_(actor)(actor*)
    so like register_db(sz_db*)

    and this means each 

    But each actor slot has to be filled.
    With something.
    Doesnt really matter what it is.
    but it has to be registered.
        So then you could just create and register each.
        and when you call run_sz() it might error
        if any of them arent registered.
        Or maybe we just implant our own.
        like there is a default.
        although I dont know about that.


    Need like an actor API.
    So the what that does is allows you to like poll chans
        and then send through chans and shit.

    From there the user can process their own messages and shit.
    But they would need to compile each and every thing used.


    ITS A METHOD...
        Actor* get_actor(SZ, Actor);
        This means when we run_sz(SZ) it doesnt start that thread
            the user then takes that into their own hands.

        Which means people can just build around these Actor*'s
            like if its RPC maybe you forward or whatever.
            same could be true of P2P and db and what not.
            i mean the point is that you take it apart and shit if you want.

            each actor I've already defined its own library than.
            or subdirectory or whatever.
            Yea...
            and all I would expose all the time is the actor api and shit.
            and then the main loop or whatever.
            but yea besides that its up to the user to decide.
            they can attach their own actors or use mine.


So each Actor I have is actually its own sub_directory which import the Actor API, and uses that for messages and shit.
    they just take that in their constructor...
    Config has to be defined in its own file, and not passed through constructor.

and it does like a polling msgs thing as well...
Or maybe its just poll one msg at a time.
I know this will fuck shit up, but I cant think of any other way to do this shit.
Like i dont know how else to poll a bunch of messages at once.
Unless I just went through and tried to get a pointer to each message and returned that.
I suppose I could do that.
