So ledger is going to be re-written entirely.
Not using blst, going to build a Pasta library for doing this stuff.


ANATOMY 

    Each shard is 2^15 accounts = 2^16 slots
    A shard is a polynomial of degree 2^16

    One should keep track of what index their account is in.
    Accounts are assigned places sequentially.

    Each person tracks can track multiple shards.
    The record every transaction and will commit to the state when their time comes.


    ACCOUNT ENTRY:
        [ Key,  $(8) | META(8) | IP6(16) ]
            META: Version(1), Role(1), Trust_Score(2), USER_ZEROS(4)
                -> use USER_ZEROS to determine USER vs HASH entry

    HASH ENTRY:
        [ H( Key, Encrypt($) ) ]
        [ H( Contract, Param ) ]


    
    users * slots   = degree
    32,768 * 4      = 131,072
    32,768 * 2      = 65,536
    65,536 * 2      = 131,072


    All of these are referenced by IDs(uint64).
    You recieve the ID from the user.
    So like you keep track of the ID for the storage slot of this person.
    And the person can give different IDs depending on what they need.

    You then multiply that times (32*2) to get the global offset.
    but then % shard size to get the offset within the shard.

    Generally Ledger has two slot strides
        For hash entry use first bit of ID to decide A, or B in the 2 slot stride

    Maybe the first contract is finding out how to create a new account.
    Like maybe you have to be assigned to a specific shard?
    Everyone in the shard has the same first THREE bytes.
    Those three bytes tell you which shard they are in.
        Is that useful?

------------------------------------------------

FUNCTIONALY

    A block is proposed every 24 seconds.
    Each block slot has a commity of voters for each shard.
    Those voters vote on the commitement to that shard once the block is processed.
    This continues on for 32 blocks.
    Every person does compute state root at every slot.
    So every 24 seconds. could bump that up, and increase block size.
        Since its logarithmic this should be useful.

    At the end of that epoch a new commity is chosen.
    They then vote on the root commitment.
    Everyone derives that root commitment from what they see as the heaviest.


    TIME SLOTS
        Each Shard has a commitee for each time slot.
        Everyone commits each block. (Validate/invalidate blocks this way.)

        You dont choose one proposer globally.
        You choose one from each shard.
        They then all choose a block together.
        Which they then execute their share, and derive a new root.
        They do this together and then release the block along with the gloabl commitment, and the local one.
            Then anyone can prove their representative did it wrong if they want.
            If they do that entire branch is shot, and the proposer loses its money.

    The hard part is getting all that data into the right hands quickly
    And being able to aggregate attestations rapidly.
        There will need to be some structure for doing so.
        So as to keep data transmission at something like log10(n) complexity
    Because this means every 24 seconds there is a new state transition.
    This means all that voting and shit has to happen pretty quickly.

------------------------------------------------
